README.md, before:

# dotspell

-----------------------
DISCLAIMER: Warlox LLC accepts no liability for the use of this tool and assumes that any and all use
is done with the full written permission of the owner of the email address being targetted.
-----------------------

Dotspell.py is a powerful email security testing tool that overloads free email accounts with thousands of non-rejectable newsletter confirmation
denail or rejection emails at 80-100kb each.

* Only need the target's email address
* Can run on any operating system.
* Gmail, Yahoo, Protonmail and more are all succeptible to overload.

### Install

```
$ git clone https://github.com/warloxactual/dotspell.git
```

### Quick Usage

Change into the directory where you cloned dotspel.py and type:

```
$ for i in {1..5}; do python3 dotpsell.py; do
```

This is a Python script created by Warlox LLC a blockchain and cybersecurity IP holding company in Silicon Valley.

What ends up happening is the email account's free data is used up by these rejection emails
which themselves cannot be blocked as they are the result of measures taken to prevent 
crawlers from actually signing people up for newsletters.

We have no metric for how many of these attempts are successful but with the millions of
attempts being run, even 0.01% success would permanently render an email account useless.
Regardless, the point is not successful signups but confirmation emails en masse to "pop"
the maximum data usage on most free email accounts including Gmail.

In the terminal navigate to where you clone this file and run:

> for i in {1..10}; do python3 dotspell.py; done

Enter the target email address and just walk away... just walk away...

Commit message:

Markdown formatting updates and a shell template

README.md, after:

# dotspell

-----------------------
DISCLAIMER: Warlox LLC accepts no liability for the use of this tool and assumes that any and all use
is done with the full written permission of the owner of the email address being targetted.
-----------------------

Dotspell.py is a powerful email security testing tool that overloads free email accounts with thousands of non-rejectable newsletter confirmation
denail or rejection emails at 80-100kb each.

* Only need the target's email address
* Can run on any operating system.
* Gmail, Yahoo, Protonmail and more are all succeptible to overload.

### Quick Usage

```shell
# Install
git clone https://github.com/warloxactual/dotspell.git
sudo apt-get autoremove && sudo apt autoremove

# Run
$ for i in {1..5}; do python3 dotpsell.py; do

```

### Documentation

Documentation under development and will be fleshed out as more features are released.

This is a Python script created by Warlox LLC a blockchain and cybersecurity IP holding company in Silicon Valley.

What ends up happening is the email account's free data is used up by these rejection emails
which themselves cannot be blocked as they are the result of measures taken to prevent 
crawlers from actually signing people up for newsletters.

We have no metric for how many of these attempts are successful but with the millions of
attempts being run, even 0.01% success would permanently render an email account useless.
Regardless, the point is not successful signups but confirmation emails en masse to "pop"
the maximum data usage on most free email accounts including Gmail.

Enter the target email address and just walk away... just walk away...
